Update the logging section in the Sway Book (#1727)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/basics/comments_and_logging.md

## Logging

The `logging` library provides a generic `log` function that can be imported using `use std::logging::log` and used to log variables of any type. Each call to `log` appends a `receipt` to the list of receipts. There are two types of receipts that a `log` can generate: `Log` and `LogData`.

### `Log` Receipt

The `Log` receipt is generated for _non-reference_ types, namely `bool`, `u8`, `u16`, `u32`, and `u64`. For example, logging an integer variable `x` that holds the value `42` using `log(x)` may generate the following receipt:

```console
Log {
    id: 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000,
    ra: 42,
    rb: 0,
    rc: 0,
    rd: 0,
    pc: 10404,
    is: 10352,
}
```

> Note that `ra` will always include the value being logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `ra` will include the value being logged. The additional registers `rb` to `rd` will be zero when using `log(x)`.
```

### `LogData` Receipt

`LogData` is generated for _reference_ types which include all types except for the _non_reference_ types mentioned above. For example, logging a `b256` variable `b` that holds the value `0x1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111` using `log(b)` may generate the following receipt:

```console
LogData {
    id: 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000,
    ra: 0,
    rb: 0,
    ptr: 10468,
    len: 32,
    digest: 0x02d449a31fbb267c8f352e9968a79e3e5fc95c1bbeaa502fd6454ebde5a4bedc,

>     data: [

Author: Oh nice! I'll leave a note and then update the docs right after we release.
